README.md, before:

# DS4Windows

Like those other DS4 tools, but sexier.

DS4Windows is an extract anywhere program that allows you to get the best
DualShock 4 experience on your PC. By emulating an Xbox 360 controller, many
more games are accessible. Other input controllers are also supported including the
DualSense, Switch Pro, and JoyCon controllers (**first party hardware only**).

This project is a fork of the work of Jays2Kings.

![DS4Windows Preview](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Ryochan7/DS4Windows/jay/ds4winwpf_screen_20200412.png)

## License

DS4Windows is licensed under the terms of the GNU General Public License version 3.
You can find a copy of the terms and conditions of that license at
[https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.txt](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.txt). The license is also
available in this source code from the COPYING file.

## Downloads

- **[Main builds of DS4Windows](https://github.com/Ryochan7/DS4Windows/releases)**

## Requirements

- Windows 10 or newer (Thanks Microsoft)
- Microsoft .NET 8.0 Desktop Runtime. [x64](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/en-us/download/dotnet/thank-you/runtime-desktop-8.0.0-windows-x64-installer) or [x86](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/en-us/download/dotnet/thank-you/runtime-desktop-8.0.0-windows-x86-installer)
- Visual C++ 2015-2022 Redistributable. [x64](https://aka.ms/vs/17/release/vc_redist.x64.exe) or [x86](https://aka.ms/vs/17/release/vc_redist.x86.exe)
- [ViGEmBus](https://vigem.org/) driver (DS4Windows will install it for you)
- **Sony** DualShock 4 or other supported controller
- Connection method:
  - Micro USB cable
  - [Sony Wireless Adapter](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B01KYVLKG2)
  - Bluetooth 4.0 (via an
  [adapter like this](https://www.newegg.com/Product/Product.aspx?Item=N82E16833166126)
  or built in pc). Only use of Microsoft BT stack is supported. CSR BT stack is
  confirmed to not work with the DS4 even though some CSR adapters work fine
  using Microsoft BT stack. Toshiba's adapters currently do not work.
  *Disabling 'Enable output data' in the controller profile settings might help with latency issues, but will disable lightbar and rumble support.*
- Disable **PlayStation Configuration Support** and
**Xbox Configuration Support** options in Steam

Commit message:

Updated readme to mention the copilot feature.

README.md, after:

# DS4WindowsPlus

DS4WindowsPlus is DS4Windows plus a new copilot feature, which allows players
to combine two phyiscal controllers into one shared contoller, so they
can have fun playing cooperatively, empowering young children or disabled
people to play more games with the help of others.

DS4Windows is an extract anywhere program that allows you to get the best
DualShock 4 experience on your PC. By emulating an Xbox 360 controller, many
more games are accessible. Other input controllers are also supported including the
DualSense, Switch Pro, and JoyCon controllers (it is recommended to use 1st party controllers, but some 3rd party controllers work fine too).

This project is a fork of the work of Ryochan7 / Jays2Kings, taken Sept 2024.

![DS4Windows Preview](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Ryochan7/DS4Windows/jay/ds4winwpf_screen_20200412.png)

## License

DS4Windows is licensed under the terms of the GNU General Public License version 3.
You can find a copy of the terms and conditions of that license at
[https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.txt](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.txt). The license is also
available in this source code from the COPYING file.

## Downloads

- **[Main builds of DS4Windows](https://github.com/Ryochan7/DS4Windows/releases)**

## Requirements

- Windows 10 or newer (Thanks Microsoft)
- Microsoft .NET 8.0 Desktop Runtime. [x64](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/en-us/download/dotnet/thank-you/runtime-desktop-8.0.0-windows-x64-installer) or [x86](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/en-us/download/dotnet/thank-you/runtime-desktop-8.0.0-windows-x86-installer)
- Visual C++ 2015-2022 Redistributable. [x64](https://aka.ms/vs/17/release/vc_redist.x64.exe) or [x86](https://aka.ms/vs/17/release/vc_redist.x86.exe)
- [ViGEmBus](https://vigem.org/) driver (DS4Windows will install it for you)
- **Sony** DualShock 4 or other supported controller
- Connection method:
  - Micro USB cable
  - [Sony Wireless Adapter](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B01KYVLKG2)
  - Bluetooth 4.0 (via an
  [adapter like this](https://www.newegg.com/Product/Product.aspx?Item=N82E16833166126)
  or built in pc). Only use of Microsoft BT stack is supported. CSR BT stack is
  confirmed to not work with the DS4 even though some CSR adapters work fine
  using Microsoft BT stack. Toshiba's adapters currently do not work.
  *Disabling 'Enable output data' in the controller profile settings might help with latency issues, but will disable lightbar and rumble support.*
- Disable **PlayStation Configuration Support** and
**Xbox Configuration Support** options in Steam
